Family:
My 7 year old son asked me if "I'd rather poop nails or poop bricks?"
Would you rather see everything in the shade of red or everything in the shade of blue?
Would you rather know the exact date you're going to die or the exact date of the person you love the most?
WYR walk backwards for the rest of your life or talk backwards for the rest of your life.
Would you rather have to execute 1 child live on television, or 25 children discreetly in the woods?
Would you rather have hair for teeth or teeth for hair?
Would you rather have a little bit of cheese on everything you eat for the rest of your life, or never eat cheese at all?
WYR sweat out mayonnaise, or only be allowed to eat mayonnaise?
WYR sweat green liquid or fart blue smoke?
Would you rather have to pay for everything in pennies, or have to use a pogo stick as your only means of transportation?
Would you rather play every instrument beautifully, or speak every language fluently?
WYR spend 10 years in jail or 20 years in a coma?
Would you rather be unable to tell the difference between babies and muffins, or change gender every time you sneezed?
Would you rather yourself change genders every time you sneeze, or everyone around you in a 6 foot radius changes gender when you sneeze?
A) Only have one shitty, scratched up frying pan, a hob and a fork to cook with for the rest of your life but have a puppy or B) Shiny new kitchen implements and no puppy.
Would you rather be able to run as fast as a car or fly as fast as you can walk?
WYR cure every disease and and also end poverty, famine, war, racism, and taxes? OR Have a functioning lightsaber?
Would you rather have permanent Cheetos fingers or fall down every flight of stairs you come across?
would you rather eat a chicken beak or a duck beak.
Would you rather derail a train and kill 50 strangers, or let your best friend get crushed by a train?
Would you rather work twelve hours a day at a soul-crushing job for the rest of your life, and live to be 80, or only live a week, but have unlimited wealth and no responsibilities for that time?
Would you rather donate 99% of your income to the charity of your choice or always have kind of sticky hands?
Would you rather: hammer a six inch nail into your kneecap, or scoop out your left eye with a melon baller?
Would you rather have a charlie horse for the rest of your life that never goes away, or scream in a Jar Jar Binks voice every time you talk forever
Would you rather solve global warming or be Spider-Man
Would you rather lose an ear or both pinkies?
Would you rather wake up at the controls of a 747 in the sky or in a boat in the middle of the ocean? The boat is small, has paddles but no engine and the plane is empty except for you and you have no idea where you are in both cases.
Would you rather have your fingers permanently covered in cheeto dust or the inability to control your voice volume
Would you rather eat nothing but pineapples for the rest of your life, or have pineapples for hands?
Would you rather have leg sized fingers or finger sized legs?
Would you rather be mentally gone (dementia, Alzheimer's, etc.) and physically able, or be mentally present and physically inept?
Would you rather have dustpan hands or sweat jelly?
Would you rather have your feet never be comfortable in shoes, or always have slightly sticky hands?
Blind, deaf and mute or Hawking levels of muscular paralysis.
Would you rather that pokemon existed and you were a trainer, or that the world of harry potter was real and you attended hogwarts?
Would you rather eat 10 dead flies or one live baby mouse?
Would you rather survive, but you lose the war. Or be killed, but your side wins the war.
Would you rather take a bath in lemon juice with 10,000 paper cuts all over your body.... or stick a toothpick under your big toe nail and kick a wall?
would you rather be able to play one instrument of your choosing very well or be able to speak one new foreign language fluently?
Would you rather get punched in the face by Mike Tyson or talk like him?
would you rather have to sing "Sexy Back" every time you talk to somebody of the opposite sex, or sing "Africa" by toto everytime you talked to a black person
Would you rather have a girlfriend with Katy Perry's head and Newt Gingrich's body or Newt Gingrich's head and Katy Perry's body?
Would you rather never ever use or utilize any form of electronic device ever again, or have additional and irremovable tastebuds in your butt?
Would you rather have someone poke you constantly for the rest of your life or never be touched by anyone ever again?
Would you rather always be in the company of another person/people or be forever alone?
Would you rather Teleport to places you've been or teleport to places you've never been.
Would you rather have a receding hairline or a proceeding hair line?
Would you rather have a flaming cat or a dog made out of water?
Would you rather wear Crocs with socks on or Cashmere colored Uggs
Would you rather be shot in both shoulders, or both knees?
Staple water to a tree or Put the toothpaste back into the tube?
Would you rather lose the ability to eat bacon or lose the ability to eat nutella
Would you rather live the rest of your life with Cheetos dust on your fingers, or live the rest of you life wearing latex rubber gloves?
Would you rather give up the use of your left eye for 1 million dollars, or staple lips together for 2 million simoleons?
Would you rather sit on a very cold toilet seat, or a slightly warm toilet seat?
Would you rather fight Mike Tyson in his prime for 60 seconds or have his voice and lisp permanently?
would you rather be drowned in a deep fryer, or go feet first through a wood chipper
Would you rather watch Jack and Jill, Paul Blart 2, and Spiderman 3, once per day in succession, or have Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider's disembodied voices constantly telling the same dick joke to you for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to snort all of your nutrition through your nose or live in a house made of human bones?
Would you rather all recorded music be replaced with the Kids Bop version, or have a crappy Beach Boys cover band follow you around everywhere constantly rehearsing?
Get 5 additional years to live but you know the day you die or Not know and get nothin'
Would you rather have a cat with a human face, or a dog with human hands instead of paws?
Would you rather receive $50,000 to do what you please. Or $50,000,000 but you are never allowed on any form of transport again.
would you rather be able to fly, but only for one kilometer at a time without extreme exhaustion, or have super strength but only when you're in contact with another person?
Finger sized legs or leg sized fingers?
have a great dane sized house cat (with normal house cat behavior, so they wouldn't be a lion or tiger) or a great dane the size of a standard pick up truck
would you rather give up your favorite food forever, or wake up every single day with a 2% chance that you are completely covered in peanut butter?
Would you rather be able to read minds or able to see into the future?
Would you rather Win $50,000 or let your best friend win $500,000?
Would you rather strangle a dog with your bare hands, or strangle a bear with your dog hands?
Friends:
Would you rather have an orgasm every time you hear "Allstar" by Smash Mouth, or, every time you have an orgasm, "All Star" by Smash Mouth plays?
Only sort of applies for a straight male but would you rather give the first 95% of a blowjob or the last 5%?
Would you rather only be able to communicate by strumming your dick on people in Morse code OR a dark-clothed guy always follows you and yells everything you think
You're stranded on a desert island but there is a mermaid, would you rather it be top half fish or bottom half fish
Would you rather fuck a goat and nobody finds out, or not fuck a goat but every body thinks you have, and can't be convinced otherwise.
You go to take a shit in a busy public bathroom. You have a two open stalls to chose from. WYR rather shit in the stall that has a door that only blocks view of your face or the stall that has a door that only blocks view of your genitals?
Would you rather have taste buds on your anus or have any toilet paper that you use turn into sandpaper?
Would you rather pee a ping pong ball ,or shit a bowling ball?
Would you rather give up oral sex or cheese?
Would you rather have sex with the fresh corpse of an incredibly beautiful person, or with the most disgusting human being alive?
WYR have one enormous testicle that you have to carry around in a wheelbarrow or one hundred normal size testicles?
Would you rather have a penis the size and shape of a nipple, or nipples the size and shape of a penis?
If you could marry a super rich, hot super model and live the rest of your days in luxury, on the condition that she rapes you once a month with a stapler, would you do it?
All your fingers are dicks or your dick is a finger.
Your mother, father, siblings and Margot Robbie are hanging on the edge of a cliff, you can only save one, but you have to have sex with the person you save. Who do you pick?
As a woman: Would you rather have small breasts with huge nipples, or large breasts with no nipples?
On Valentine's Day, would you rather have roses on your piano or tulips on your organ?
Would you rather eat a cake and sit on a dick or sit on a cake and eat a dick
Would you rather spend the night with 5 super models, not have sex with them but everyone thinks you did. Or spend the night with 5 super models, have sex with them but everyone thinks you didnt.
Would you rather get a good or bad hand job from your grandmother?
Would you rather punch your mom in the face every Christmas and you can never explain why, or send your dad a nudey once every 2 weeks and you can never explain why?
For straight men: Would you rather be bummed by a man with a tiny dick or a woman with a massive dildo?
Would you rather have sex with your Dad, and then your dog walks in, or have sex with your dog and then your Dad walks in?
Your Mum and Girlfriend's minds are switched between each other's bodies. Which would you rather have sex with?
Would you rather shit yourself every time you sit down or piss yourself every time you stand up
Would you rather titty fuck a fat hairy guy or give the hottest girl you can think of a rim job after she just had explosive diarrhea and didn't wipe
Would you rather be a teenage girl who just found out she is pregnant, or a 40 year old man in the middle of a divorce diagnosed with terminal cancer
Male: You're half way inside your mom and your dad is half way inside you. WYR thrust forward or back?
Be a gynecologist and have your grandmother as a patient or your teenage daughter as a patient?
Would you rather that 10 men came on your face, but no one knew about it OR everyone believed 10 men had come on your face but it never actually happened?
Would you rather have sex with your parents once or watch them have sex every night for a year
Everytime you look at a blank screen would you rather see your best friend being tortured or Masturbating to images of you?
Would you rather watch pornography with your parents or of your parents?
Would you rather have your kid grow up to be a serial killer or be a victim of one?
Would you rather: A. Wake up everyday and have your face cummed on by your grandfather for the rest of your life. (And your grandfather live as long as you) OR B. Have a huge dildo penetrate your ass everytime you sit down for the rest of your life.
Would you see your birth or conception video?
Would you rather eat chocolate that tastes like shit, or shit that tastes like chocolate?
Blow your dad and pretend to like it or beat your mom until she's hospitalized and never tell her why you did it.
Would you rather get jerked off by your grandpa on a Farris wheel BUT you get all the funnel cake you want, or would you rather be severely mentally handicapped for the rest of your life
Would you rather suck 100 dicks in one day or 1 dick everyday for 100 days?
Would you rather have a vagina on your forehead or a row of penises down your back like a stegosaurus?
Would you rather eat a pine cone, or shit a pine cone.
Would you rather be the guy who flips the switch during executions, or have the monster mash play in your head for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have sex with Guy Fieri or the lead singer of Smashmouth?
Would you rather give up the internet for a year (in all its forms) or make public your whole history of pages visited (even in incognito mode) from the past year for anyone to see?
Would you rather shit out a shuriken or 500,000 gallons of mayonnaise in one sitting?
Would you rather save the life of one kid in Africa that you'll never meet, or have a real lightsaber?
It's Christmas morning. You gather the whole family around... grandmas, grandpas, aunts, uncles, parents, nieces, nephews, kids, spouse... everyone. And you say, "everyone, I have a very special video I want everyone to see." You pop in a DVD. Is it: a video of you masturbatng to completion, or a video of you having 10 homeless guys bukakke on your face?
Specifically to be tough for Redditors, would you rather have to kill your own cat or never masturbate again?
Would you rather smell farts all the time or drink a poop slurpie?
Would your rather being punched in the dick by Dolph Lundgren or have Danny Devito have anal sex with you while he grabs at your hair, sweats profusely and talks like The Penguin.
Also, would you rather be forced to masturbate/have sex to orgasm 10 times a day or never be able to orgasm ever again.
Also, would you rather eat a dead baby or a live one?
Would you rather shove a candy cane up John McCain's ass and then eat it, or pour chocolate milk into your grandma's ass and have her blast it into your mouth?
Would you rather dunk your head in a bucket of a stranger's piss or a friend's piss?
If you had to clean a filthy bathroom with your tongue, would you rather have it removed first or taste everything in the bathroom?
would you rather rape an animal, or get raped by an animal?
Scenario. You lost your arms in 'Nam, and you are standing on a tiny boat, sailing down a river of vomit. This boat is so tiny, any sudden movement will make it capsize. You see a man on the shore shit into his hands, and promptly throw it at you. Would you rather take his shit snowball to the face, or dodge it by diving into the river?
Would you rather swim in a pool of your mom's period blood or your dad's semen? Also, would you rather fuck your mom and no one know or everyone think you did, but not have?
Would you rather be a black quadriplegic or a british fat guy?
Would you rather have sex with a pretty girl in your mother's body, or your mother in a pretty girl's body?
Would you rather have a graphic discussion of your sex life with your mother or play 7 minutes in heaven with your father?
Would you rather put a pound of skittles up your butt every year on Halloween, or forget how to read?
Get breastfed by Rosie O'Donnell or Jack Black?
Would you rather be able to eat whatever you want but be forbidden to have sex, or be free to have sex but you can only eat grass from fields like a cow for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have your asshole eaten out by a fat man in an overcoat, or be that fat man in the overcoat? Wink wink...
Would you have sex with three hot models with no one believing you did it or have coffee with the three hot models with the whole world believing you had sex with them.
would you rather have your parents walk in on you cutting off your nipples, or walk in on your parents cutting off their nipples
Use a dildo/sex toy that has been used by a friend, and cleaned by you to your satisfaction or Use a fork that has been used by tens of thousands of strangers and questionably cleaned by an underpaid teenager in the back of a restaurant
would you rather give your parents unrestricted access to your browsing history, or your boss?
Discussion:
Let us assume you met a rudimentary magician. Let us assume he can do five simple tricks he can pull a rabbit out of his hat, he can make a coin disappear, he can turn the ace of spades into the Joker card, and two others in a similar vein. There are his only tricks and he cant learn any more; he can only do these five. HOWEVER, it turns out hes doing these five tricks with real magic. Its not an illusion; he can actually conjure the bunny out of the other and he can move the coin through space. Hes legitimately magical, but extremely limited in scope and influence. Would this person be more impressive than Albert Einstein?
Let us assume a fully grown, completely healthy Clydesdale horse has his hooves shackled to the ground while he head is held in place with thick rope. He is conscious and standing upright, but he is completely immobile. And let us assume that for some reason every political prisoner on earth (as cited by Amnesty International) will be released from captivity if you can kick this horse to death in less than twenty minutes. You are allowed to wear steel-toed boots. Would you attempt to do this?
Let us assume there are two boxes on a table. In one box, there is a relatively normal turtle; in the other, Adolf Hitlers skull. You have to select one of these items for your home. If you select the turtle, you cant give it away and you have to keep it alive for two years; if either of these parameters are not met, you will be fined $999 by the state. If you select Hitlers skull, you are required to display it in a semi-prominent location in your living room for the same amount of time, although you will be paid a stipend of $120 per month for doing so. Display of the skull must be apolitical. Which option do you select?
Genetic engineers at Johns Hopkins University have developed a so-called super gorilla. Though the animal cannot speak, it has a sign language lexicon of over twelve thousand words, and an IQ of almost 85, and most notably a vague sense of self-awareness. Oddly, the creature (who weighs seven hundred pounds) becomes fascinated by football. The gorilla aspires to play the game at its highest level and quickly develops the rudimentary skills of a defensive end. ESPN analyst Tom Jackson speculates that this gorilla would be borderline unblockable and would likely average six sacks a game (although Jackson concedes the beast might be susceptible to counters and misdirection plays). Meanwhile, the gorilla has made is clear he would never intentionally injure any opponent. You are commissioner of the NFL: Would you allow this gorilla to sign with the Oakland Raiders?
You meet your soul mate. However, there is a catch: Every three years, someone will break both of your soul mates collarbones with a Crescent wrench, and there is only one way you can stop this from happening: You must swallow a pill that will make every song you hear for the rest of your life sound as if its being performed by the band Alice in Chains. When you hear Creedence Clearwater Revival on the radio, it will sound (to your ears) like its being played by Alice in Chains. If you see Radiohead live, every one of the tunes will sound like its being covered by Alice in Chains. When you hear a commercial jingle on TV, it will sound like Alice in Chains; if you sing to yourself in the shower, your voice will sound like deceased Alice vocalist Layne Staley performing a capella (but it will only sound this way to you). Would you swallow the pill?
At long last, somebody invents the dream VCR. This machine allows you to tape an entire evenings worth of your own dreams, which you can then watch at your leisure. However, the inventor of the dream VCR will only allow you to use this device if you agree to a strange caveat: When you watch your dreams, you must do so with your family and your closest friends in the same room. They get to watch your dreams along with you. And if you dont agree to this, you cant use the dream VCR. Would you still do this?
Defying all expectation, a group of Scottish marine biologists capture a live Loch Ness Monster. In an almost unbelievable coincidence, a bear hunter shoots a Sasquatch in the thigh, thereby allowing zoologists to take the furry monster into captivity. These events happen on the same afternoon. That evening, the president announces he may have thyroid cancer and will undergo a biopsy later that week. You are the front-page editor of The New York Times: What do you play as the biggest story?
You meet the perfect person. Romantically, this person is ideal; You find them physically attractive, intellectually stimulating, consistently funny, and deeply compassionate. However, they are one quirk: This individual is obsessed with Jim Hensons gothic puppet fantasy The Dark Crystal. Beyond watching it on DVD at least once a month, he/she peppers casual conversation with Dark Crystal references, uses Dark Crystal analogies to explain everyday events, and occasionally likes to talk intensely about the films deeper philosophy. Would this be enough to stop you from marrying this individual?
A novel titled Interior Mirror is released to mammoth commercial success (despite middling reviews). However, a curious social trend emerges: Though no one can prove a direct scientific link, it appears that almost 30 percent of the people who read this book immediately become homosexual. Many of the newfound homosexuals credit the book for helping them reach this conclusion about their orientation, despite the fact that Interior Mirror is ostensibly a crime novel with no homoerotic content (and was written by a straight man). Would this phenomenon increase (or decrease) the likelihood of you reading this book?
You are watching a movie in a crowded theater. Though the plot is mediocre, you find yourself dazzled by the special effects. But with twenty minutes left in the film, you are struck with an undeniable feeling of doom: You are suddenly certain your mother has just died. There is no logical reason for this to be true, but you are certain of it. You are overtaken with the irrational metaphysical sense that somewhere your mom has just perished. But this is only an intuitive, amorphous feeling; there is no evidence for this, and your mother has not been ill. Would you immediately exit the theater, or would you finish watching the movie?
You meet a wizard in downtown Chicago. The wizard tells you he can make you more attractive if you pay him money. When you ask how this process works, the wizard points to a random person on the street. You look at this random person. The wizard says. I will now make them a dollar more attractive. He waves his magic wand. Ostensibly, this person does not change at all; as far as you can tell, nothing is different. But somehow- this person is suddenly a little more appealing. The tangible difference is invisible to the naked eye, but you cant deny that this person is vaguely sexier. This wizard has a weird rule though you can only pay him once. You cant keep paying giving him money until youre satisfied. You can only pay him one lump sum up front. How much cash do you give the wizard?
Every person you have ever slept with is invited to a banquet where you are the guest of honor. No one will be in attendance except for you, the collection of former lovers, and the catering service. After the meal, you are asked to give a fifteen-minute speech to the assembly. What do you talk about?
For reasons that cannot be explained, cats can suddenly read at a twelfth-grade level. They cant talk and they cant write, but they can read silently and comprehend the text. Many cats love this new skill, because they now have something to do all day while they lay around the house; however, a few cats become depressed, because reading forces them to realize the limitations of their existence (not to mention utter frustration of being unable to express themselves). This being the case, do you this the average cat would enjoy Garfield, or would cats find the cartoon to be an insulting caricature?
You have a brain tumor. Though there is no discomfort at the moment, this tumor would unquestionably kill you in six months. However, your life can (and will) be saved by an operation; the only downside is there will be a brutal incision to your frontal lobe. After the surgery, you will be significantly less intelligent. You will be a fully functioning adult, but you will be less logical, you will have a terrible memory, and you will have little ability to understand complex concepts of difficult ideas. The surgery is in two weeks. How do you spend the next fourteen days?
Someone builds an optical portal that allows you to see a vision of your own life in the future (it is essentially a crystal ball that shows you a randomly selected image of what your life will be like in twenty years). You can only see into this portal for thirty seconds. When you peer into the crystal, you see yourself in a living room, two decades older than you are today. You are watching Canadian football game, and you are extremely happy. You are wearing a CFL jersey. You chair is surrounded by CFL books and magazines that promote the Canadian Football League, and there are CFL pennants covering your walls. You are alone in the room, but you are gleefully muttering about historical moments in Canadian football history. It becomes clear that for some unknown reason you have become obsessed with Canadian football. And this future is static and absolute, no matter what you do, this future will happen. The optical portal is never wrong. This destiny cannot be changed. The next day, you are flipping through television channels and randomly come across a pre-season CFL game between the Toronto Argonauts and the Saskatchewan Roughriders. Knowing your inevitable future, do you now watch it?
You are sitting in an empty bar (in a town youve never before visited), drinking Bacardi with a soft-spoken acquaintance you barely know. After an hour, a third individual walks into the tavern and sits by himself, and you ask your acquaintance who the new man is. Be careful of that guy, you are told. He is a man with a past. A few minutes later, a fourth person enters the bar; he also sits alone. You ask your acquaintance who this new individual is. Be careful of that guy too, he says. He is a man with no past. Which of these two people do you trust less?
You have won a prize. The prize has two options, and you can choose either (but not both). The first option is a year in Europe with a monthly stipend of $2,000. The second option is ten minutes on the moon. Which option do you select?
Your best friend is taking a nap on the floor of your living room. Suddenly, you are faced with a bizarre existential problem: This friend is going to die unless you kick them (as hard as you can) in the rib cage. If you dont kick them while they slumber, they will never wake up. However, you can never explain this to your friend; if you later inform them that you did this to save their life, they will also die from that. So you have to kick a sleeping friend in the ribs, and you cant tell them why. Since you cannot tell your friend the truth, what excuse will you fabricate to explain this (seemingly inexplicable) attack?
For whatever the reason, two unauthorized movies are made about your life. The first is an independently released documentary, primarily comprised of interviews with people who know you and bootleg footage from your actual life. Critics are describing the documentary as brutally honest and relentlessly fair. Meanwhile, Columbia Tri-Star has produced a big-budget biopic about your life, casting major Hollywood stars as you and all your acquaintances; though the movie is based on actual events, screenwriters have taken some liberties with the facts. Critics are split on the artistic merits of this fictionalized account, but audiences love it. Which film would you be most interested in seeing?
Imagine you could go back to the age of five and relive the rest of your life, knowing everything you know now. You will reexperience your entire adolescence with both the cognitive ability of an adult and the memories of everything youve learned from having lived your life previously. Would you lose your virginity earlier or later than you did the first time around (and by how many years)?
You work in an office. Generally, you are popular with your coworkers. However, you discover that there are currently two rumors circulating in the office gossip mill, and both involve you. The first rumor is that you got drunk at the office holiday party and had sex with one of your married coworkers. This rumor is completely true, but most people dont believe it. The second rumor is that you have been stealing hundreds of dollars of office supplies (and then selling them to cover a gambling debt). This rumor is completely false, but virtually everyone assumes its factual. Which of these two rumors is most troubling to you?
